Store Mistral API key in Config Store (#297)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_how-tos/store-secrets-in-konnect-config-store.md

related_resources:
  - text: Secrets management
    url: /secrets-management 

>   - text: Vault entity

Author: I've fixed the title in my latest commit

    gateway: '3.4'
---

## 1. Configure a {{site.konnect_short_name}} Config Store

Before you can configure a {{site.konnect_short_name}} Vault, you must first create a Config Store by sending a `POST` request to the `/v2/control-planes/{controlPlaneId}/config-stores` endpoint:

<!--vale off-->
{% control_plane_request %}
url: /v2/control-planes/$CONTROL_PLANE_ID/config-stores
status_code: 201
method: POST
headers:
    - 'Accept: application/json'
    - 'Content-Type: application/json'
    - 'Authorization: Bearer $KONNECT_TOKEN'
body:
    name: my-config-store
{% endcontrol_plane_request %}
<!--vale on-->

Export your Config Store ID as an environment variable so you can use it later:

```sh
export CONFIG_STORE_ID=config-store-uuid
```

## 2. Configure {{site.konnect_short_name}} as your Vault

> To enable {{site.konnect_short_name}} as your vault, you can use the [Vault entity](/gateway/entities/vault).
> 
> Send a `POST` request to the [`/v2/control-planes/{controlPlaneId}/core-entities/vaults/` endpoint](/api/konnect/control-planes-config/v2/#/operations/create-vault):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable {{site.konnect_short_name}} as your vault with the [Vault entity](/gateway/entities/vault) send a `POST` request to the [`/v2/control-planes/{controlPlaneId}/core-entities/vaults/` endpoint](/api/konnect/control-planes-config/v2/#/operations/create-vault):

```

<!--vale off-->
{% control_plane_request %}
url: /v2/control-planes/$CONTROL_PLANE_ID/core-entities/vaults/
status_code: 201
method: POST
headers:
    - 'Accept: application/json'
    - 'Content-Type: application/json'
    - 'Authorization: Bearer $KONNECT_TOKEN'
body:
    config:
      config_store_id: $CONFIG_STORE_ID
    description: Storing secrets in Konnect
    name: konnect
    prefix: mysecretvault
{% endcontrol_plane_request %}
<!--vale on-->

## 3. Store the Mistral AI key as a secret

> In this how-to, you're storing the Mistral AI API key you copied earlier as a secret in your Vault. This will allow you to reference this later in a plugin configuration. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Storing the Mistral AI API key you copied earlier as a secret in your Vault will allow you to reference this later in a plugin configuration. 
```

> Store your secret by sending a `POST` request to the `/v2/control-planes/{controlPlaneId}/config-stores/{configStoreId}/secrets` endpoint:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Store your Mistral key as a secret by sending a `POST` request to the `/v2/control-planes/{controlPlaneId}/config-stores/{configStoreId}/secrets` endpoint:
```

<!--vale off-->
{% control_plane_request %}
url: /v2/control-planes/$CONTROL_PLANE_ID/config-stores/$CONFIG_STORE_ID/secrets/
status_code: 201
method: POST
headers:
    - 'Accept: application/json'
    - 'Content-Type: application/json'
    - 'Authorization: Bearer $KONNECT_TOKEN'
body:
    key: mistral-key
    value: Bearer <mistral-key-here>
{% endcontrol_plane_request %}
<!--vale on-->

## 4. Reference your stored secret

> Now that {{site.konnect_short_name}} is configured as your Vault, you can reference secrets stored in that Vault in configuration. In this tutorial, you'll be referencing the API key you set previously and using it to generate an answer to a question using the [AI Proxy plugin](/plugins/ai-proxy/). To reference a secret, you use the prefix from your Vault config, the name of the secret, and optionally the property in the secret you want to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To reference a secret, you use the prefix from your Vault config, the name of the secret, and optionally the property in the secret you want to use. Now that the {{site.konnect_short_name}} Konnect vault is configured, you can reference secrets stored in that Vault in configurations. In this tutorial, you'll be referencing the API key you set previously and using it to generate an answer to a question using the [AI Proxy plugin](/plugins/ai-proxy/). 
```

> Enable the AI Proxy plugin on your route by sending a `POST` request to the [`/control-planes/{controlPlaneId}/core-entities/routes/{RouteId}/plugins` endpoint](/api/konnect/control-planes-config/v2/#/operations/create-plugin-with-route):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable the AI Proxy plugin on your route by sending a `POST` request to the [`/routes/{RouteId}/plugins` endpoint](/api/konnect/control-planes-config/v2/#/operations/create-plugin-with-route):
```
